Update CONTRIBUTING.md mapping tools (#12680)
BeeStation/BeeStation-Hornet: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

    * See [Guide to git](https://wiki.beestation13.com/view/Guide_to_git) for more detailed information
* Code editing - [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/) (NOT THE SAME AS VISUAL STUDIO)
* VSCode Extensions - You will be prompted to install this recommended extension automatically: [Goonstation Extension Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Goonstation.goonstation-extpack)

> * Map editing – Two mapping tools are supported: [StrongDMM](https://github.com/SpaiR/StrongDMM), the most widely used and performant standalone executable; and [FastDMM2](https://fastdmm2.ss13.io/), a browser‑based tool offering more granular control.

Author: ```suggestion
* Map editing – Two mapping tools are supported: [StrongDMM](https://github.com/SpaiR/StrongDMM), the most widely used, and performant standalone executable; and [FastDMM2](https://fastdmm2.ss13.io/), a browser‑based tool offering more niche controls like selection flipping.
```

> * Map editing – Two mapping tools are supported: [StrongDMM](https://github.com/SpaiR/StrongDMM), the most widely used, and performant standalone executable; and [FastDMM2](https://fastdmm2.ss13.io/), a browser‑based tool offering more niche controls like selection flipping.

Reviewer: Minor incorrect usage of semi-colon
```suggestion
* Map editing – Two mapping tools are supported: [StrongDMM](https://github.com/SpaiR/StrongDMM), the most widely used and performant standalone executable, and [FastDMM2](https://fastdmm2.ss13.io/), a browser‑based tool offering more niche controls like selection flipping.
```

Author: sure
